docs/en/vocabulary.md, before:

# life

- offend

```
1. to make sb feel upset because of sth you say or do that is rude or embarrassing
2. to commit a crime or crimes
3. to be against what people believe is morally right

E.g.
I did not wish to offend you, I must have mistaken you for one of the...lower classes.
```

- intensive

```

```

- psychological
- special | particular | peculiar

```


E.g.
The choice of computer is dictated by out special needs.
I have nothing particular to do this evening.
```

- civilian | civilization

```

```

- adolescent | adult

```
Adolescent is the transition peroid between childhood and manhood.
He has developed from a child into an adult.
```

- sneak

to go somewhere secretly, or to take someone or something somewhere secretly

```
eg.
I managed to sneak in through the back door while she wasn't looking.
Jan doesn't have a ticket but I thought we might sneak her in.
I thought I'd sneak up on him (= move close to him without him seeing) and give him a surprise.
```

- deduce
  
  to reach an anwser or a decision by thinking carefully about the known facts

```
eg.
The police have decuded that he must have left his apartment yesterday evening.
```
# IT

```

```

Commit message:

flatter arouse exotic leisure casual

docs/en/vocabulary.md, after:

# life

- offend

```
1. to make sb feel upset because of sth you say or do that is rude or embarrassing
2. to commit a crime or crimes
3. to be against what people believe is morally right

E.g.
I did not wish to offend you, I must have mistaken you for one of the...lower classes.
```

- intensive

```

```

- arouse
- treatment
- exotic
- leisure
- casual

- psychological
- special | particular | peculiar

```


E.g.
The choice of computer is dictated by out special needs.
I have nothing particular to do this evening.
```

- civilian | civilization

```

```

- adolescent | adult

```
Adolescent is the transition peroid between childhood and manhood.
He has developed from a child into an adult.
```

- sneak

  to go somewhere secretly, or to take someone or something somewhere secretly

```
eg.
I managed to sneak in through the back door while she wasn't looking.
Jan doesn't have a ticket but I thought we might sneak her in.
I thought I'd sneak up on him (= move close to him without him seeing) and give him a surprise.
```

- deduce
  
  to reach an anwser or a decision by thinking carefully about the known facts

```
eg.
The police have decuded that he must have left his apartment yesterday evening.
```
# IT

```

```
